## 2018年12月英语四级阅读真题及答案 第1套

### 仔细阅读

[reference](http://www.kekenet.com/cet4/201906/587412.shtml)

####  Passage One

1、 California has been facing a drought for many years now, with certain areas even having to pump freshwater hundreds of miles to their distribution system. The problem is growing as the population of the state continues to expand. New research has found deep water reserves under the state which could help solve their drought crisis. Previous drilling of wells could only reach depths of 1,000 feet, but due to new pumping practices, water deeper than this can now be extracted （抽取）. The team at Stanford investigated the aquifers（地下蓄水层）below this depth and found that reserves may be triple what was previously thought.

2、 It is profitable to drill to depths more than 1,000 feet for oil and gas extraction, but only recently in California has it become profitable to pump water from this depth. The aquifers range from 1,000 to3,000 feet below the ground, which means that pumping will be expensive and there are other concerns. The biggest concern of pumping out water from this deep is the gradual setting down of the land surface. As the water is pumped out, the vacant space left is compacted by the weight of the earth above.

3、 Even though pumping from these depths is expensive, it is still cheaper than desalinating（脱盐）the ocean water in the largely coastal state. Some desalination plants exist where feasible, but they are costly to run and can need constant repairs. Wells are much more reliable sources of freshwater, and California is hoping that these deep wells may be the answer to their severe water shortage.

4、 One problem with these sources is that the deep water also has a higher level of salt than shallower aquifers. This means that some wells may even need to undergo desalination after extraction, thus increasing the cost. Research from the exhaustive study of groundwater from over 950 drilling logs has just been published. New estimates of the water reserves now go up to 2,700 billion cubic meters of freshwater.

46、 How could California's drought crisis be solved according to some researchers?

   A) By building more reserves of groundwater.

   B) By drawing water from the depths of the earth.

   C) By developing more advanced drilling devices.

   D) By upgrading its water distribution system.

47、 What can be inferred about extracting water from deep aquifers?

   A) It was deemed vital to solving the water problem.

   B) It was not considered worth the expense.

   C) It may not provide quality freshwater.

   D) It is bound to gain support from the local people.

48、 What is mentioned as a consequence of extracting water from deep underground?

   A) The sinking of land surface.

   B) The harm to the ecosystem.

   C) The damage to aquifers.

   D) The change of the climate.

49、 What does the author say about deep wells?

   A) They run without any need for repairs.

   B) They are entirely free from pollutants.

   C) They are the ultimate solution to droughts.

   D) They provide a steady supply of freshwater.

50、 What may happen when deep aquifers are used as water sources?

   A) People's health may improve with cleaner water.

   B) People's water bills may be lowered considerably.

   C) The cost may go up due to desalination.

   D) They may be exhausted sooner or later.

#### Passage Two

1、The AlphaGo programs victory is an example of how smart computers have become.

2、But can artificial intelligence (AI) machines act ethically, meaning can they be honest and fair?

3、One example of AI is driverless cars. They are already on California roads, so it is not too soon to ask whether we can program a machine to act ethically. As driverless cars improve, they will save lives. They will make fewer mistakes than human drivers do. Sometimes, however, they will face a choice between lives. Should the cars be programmed to avoid hitting a child running across the road, even if that will put their passengers at risk? What about making a sudden turn to avoid a dog? What if the only risk is damage to the car itself, not to the passengers?

4、Perhaps there will be lessons to learn from driverless cars, but they are not super-intelligent beings. Teaching ethics to a machine even more intelligent than we are will be the bigger challenge.

5、About the same time as AlphaGo's triumph, Microsoft's 'chatbot' took a bad turn. The software, named Taylor, was designed to answer messages from people aged 18-24. Taylor was supposed to be able to learn from the messages she received. She was designed to slowly improve her ability to handle conversations, but some people were teaching Taylor racist ideas. When she started saying nice things about Hitler, Microsoft turned her off and deleted her ugliest messages.

6、AlphaGo's victory and Taylor's defeat happened at about the same time. This should be a warning to us. It is one thing to use AI within a game with clear rules and clear goals. It is something very different to use AI in the real world. The unpredictability of the real world may bring to the surface a troubling software problem.

7、Eric Schmidt is one of the bosses of Google, which owns AlphaGo. He thinks AI will be positive for humans. He said people will be the winner, whatever the outcome. Advances in AI will make human beings smarter, more able and "just better human beings."

51、 What does the author want to show with the example of AlphaGo's victory?

A) Computers will prevail over human beings.

B) Computers have unmatched potential.

C) Computers are man's potential rivals.

D) Computers can become highly intelligent.

52、 What does the author mean by AI machines acting ethically?

A) They are capable of predicting possible risks.

B) They weigh the gains and losses before reaching a decision.

C) They make sensible decisions when facing moral dilemmas.

D) They sacrifice everything to save human lives.

53、 What is said to be the bigger challenge facing humans in the AI age?

A) How to make super-intelligent AI machines share human feelings.

B) How to ensure that super-intelligent AI machines act ethically.

C) How to prevent AI machines doing harm to humans.

D) How to avoid being over-dependent on AI machines.

54、 What do we learn about Microsoft's "chatbot" Taylor?

A) She could not distinguish good from bad.

B) She could turn herself off when necessary.

C) She was not made to handle novel situations.

D) She was good at performing routine tasks.

55、 What does Eric Schmidt think of artificial intelligence?

A) It will be far superior to human beings.

B) It will keep improving as time goes by.

C) It will prove to be an asset to human beings.

D) It will be here to stay whatever the outcome.

### 选词填空

[reference](http://www.kekenet.com/cet4/201906/587411.shtml)

Millions die early from air pollution each year. Air pollution costs the global economy more than $5 trillion annually in welfare costs, with the most serious ___26___ occurring in the developing world.

The figures include a number of costs ___27___ with air pollution. Lost income alone amounts to $225 billion a year.

The report includes both indoor and outdoor air pollution. Indoor pollution, which includes ___28___ like home heating and cooking, has remained ___29___ over the past several decades despite advances in the area. Levels of outdoor pollution have grown rapidly along with rapid growth in industry and transportation.

Director of Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation Chris Murray ___30___ it as an “urgent call to action.” One of the risk factors for premature deaths is the air we breathe, over which individuals have little ___31___, he said.

The effects of air pollution are worst in the developing world, where in some places lost-labor income ___32___ nearly 1% of GDP. Around 9 in 10 people in low and middle-income countries live in places where they ___33___ experience dangerous levels of outdoor air pollution.

But the problem is not limited ___34___ to the developing world. Thousands die prematurely in the U. S. as a result of related illnesses. In many European countries, where diesel (柴油) ___35___ have become more common in recent years, that number reaches tens of thousands.

A) ability

B) associate

C) consciously

D) constant

E) control

F) damage

G) described

H) equals

I) exclusively

J) innovated

K) regularly

L) relates

M) sources

N) undermine

O) vehicles

### 段落匹配

[reference](http://www.kekenet.com/cet4/201906/587410.shtml)

Food-as-Medicine Movement Is Witnessing Progress

A) Several times a month, you can find a doctor in the aisles of Ralph's market in Huntington Beach, California, wearing a white coat and helping people learn about food. On one recent day, this doctor was Daniel Nadeau, wandering the cereal aisle with Allison Scott, giving her some idea on how to feed kids who persistently avoid anything that is healthy. "Have you thought about trying fresh juices in the morning?" he asks her. "The frozen oranges and apples are a little cheaper, and fruits are really good for the brain. Juices are quick and easy to prepare; you can take the frozen fruit out the night before and have it ready the next morning."

B) Scott is delighted to get food advice from a physician who is program director of the nearby Mary and Dick Allen Diabetes Center, part of the St. Joseph Hoag Health alliance. The center's "Shop with Your Doc" program sends doctors to the grocery store to meet with any patients who sign up for the service, plus any other shoppers who happen to be around with questions.

C) Nаdеаu nоtісеѕ thе рrе-mаdе mасаrоnі（通心粉）-аnd-сhееѕе bохеѕ іn Ѕсоtt'ѕ ѕhорріng саrt аnd suggests she switch to whole grain macaroni and real cheese. "So I'd have to make it?" she asks, her enthusiasm fading at the thought of how long that might take, just to have her kids reject it. "I'm not sure they'd eat it. They just won't eat it."

D) Nadeau says sugar and processed foods are big contributors to the rising diabetes rates among children. "In America, over 50 percent of our food is processed food," Nadeau tells her. "And only 5 percent of our food is plant-based food. I think we should try to reverse that." Scott agrees to try more fruit juices for the kids and to make real macaroni and cheese. Score one point for the doctor, zero for diabetes.

E) Nadeau is part of a small revolution developing across California. The food-as-medicine movement has been around for decades, but it's making progress as physicians and medical institutions make food a formal part of treatment, rather than relying solely on medications（药物）. By prescribing nutritional changes or launching programs such as "Shop with Your Doc", they are trying to prevent, limit or even reverse disease by changing what patients eat. "There's no question people can take things a long way toward reversing diabetes, reversing high blood pressure, even preventing cancer by food choices," Nadeau says.

F) In the big picture, says Dr. Richard Afable, CEO and president of St. Joseph Hoag Health, medical institutions across the state are starting to make a philosophical switch to becoming a health organization, not just a health care organization. That feeling echoes the beliefs of the Therapeutic Food Pantry program at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, which completed its pilot phase and is about to expand on an ongoing basis to five clinic sites throughout the city. The program will offer patients several bags of food prescribed for their condition, along with intensive training in how to cook it. "We really want to link food and medicine, and not just give away food," says Dr. Rita Nguyen, the hospital's medical director of Healthy Food Initiatives. "We want people to understand what they're eating, how to prepare it, the role food plays in their lives."

G) In Southern California, Loma Linda University School of Medicine is offering specialized training for its resident physicians in Lifestyle Medicine—that is a formal specialty in using food to treat disease. Research findings increasingly show the power of food to treat or reverse diseases, but that does not mean that diet alone is always the solution, or that every illness can benefit substantially from dietary changes. Nonetheless, physicians say that they look at the collective data and a clear picture emerges: that the salt, sugar, fat and processed foods in the American diet contribute to the nation's high rates of obesity, diabetes and heart disease. According to the World Health Organization, 80 percent of deaths from heart disease and stroke are caused by high blood, pressure, tobacco use, elevated cholesterol and low consumption of fruits and vegetables.

H) "It's a different paradigm（范式）of how to treat disease," says Dr. Brenda Rea, who helps run the family and preventive medicine residency program at Loma Linda University School of Medicine. The lifestyle medicine specialty is designed to train doctors in how to prevent and treat disease, in part, by changing patient's nutritional habits. The medical center and school at Loma Linda also has a food cupboard and kitchen for patients. This way, patients not only learn about which foods to buy, but also how to prepare them at home.

I) Many people don't know how to cook, Rea says, and they only know how to heat things up. That means depending on packaged food with high salt and sugar content. So teaching people about which foods are healthy and how to prepare them, she says, can actually transform a patient's life. And beyond that, it might transform the health and lives of that patient's family. "What people eat can be medicine or poison," Rea says. "As a physician, nutrition is one of the most powerful things you can change to reverse the effects of long-term disease."

J) Studies have explored evidence that dietary changes can slow inflammation（炎症）, for example, or make the body inhospitable to cancer cell. In general, many lifestyle medicine physicians recommend a plant-based diet—particularly for people with diabetes or other inflammatory conditions.

K) "As what happened with tobacco, this will require a cultural shift, but that can happen," says Nguyen. "In the same way physicians used to smoke, and then stopped smoking and were able to talk to patients about it, I think physicians can have a bigger voice in it."

36、 More than half of the food Americans eat is factory-produced.

37、 There is a special program that assigns doctors to give advice to shoppers in food stores.

38、 There is growing evidence from research that food helps patients recover from various illnesses.

39、 A healthy breakfast can be prepared quickly and easily.

40、 Training a patient to prepare healthy food can change their life.

41、 One food-as -medicine program not only prescribes food for treatment but teaches patients how to cook it.

42、 Scott is not keen on cooking food herself, thinking it would simply be a waste of time.

43、 Diabetes patients are advised to eat more plant-based food.

44、 Using food as medicine is no novel idea, but the movement is making headway these days.

45、 Americans' high rates of various illnesses result from the way they eat.


### 答案解析

####  Passage One

1、 **California** has been facing a drought for many years now, with certain areas even having to pump freshwater hundreds of miles to their distribution system. The problem is growing as the population of the state continues to expand. **(46)New research has found deep water reserves under the state which could help solve their drought crisis.** Previous drilling of wells could only reach depths of 1,000 feet, but due to new pumping practices, water deeper than this can now be **extracted** （抽取）. The team at Stanford investigated the **aquifers**（地下蓄水层）below this depth and found that reserves may be triple what was previously thought.

2、 It is profitable to drill to depths more than 1,000 feet for oil and gas extraction, but only recently in California has it become profitable to pump water from this depth. **(47)The aquifers range from 1,000 to3,000 feet below the ground, which means that pumping will be expensive and there are other concerns. (48The biggest concern of pumping out water from this deep is the gradual setting down of the land surface**. As the water is pumped out, the vacant space left is compacted by the weight of the earth above.

3、 Even though pumping from these depths is expensive, it is still cheaper than desalinating（脱盐）the ocean water in the largely coastal state. Some desalination plants exist where feasible, but they are costly to run and can need constant repairs. **Wells are much more reliable sources of freshwater, and California is hoping that these deep wells may be the answer to their severe water shortage.**

4、 One problem with these **sources is that the deep water** also has a higher level of salt than shallower aquifers. **This means that some wells may even need to undergo desalination after extraction, thus increasing the cost.** Research from the exhaustive study of groundwater from over 950 drilling logs has just been published. New estimates of the water reserves now go up to 2,700 billion cubic meters of freshwater.

----

46、 How could **California's** drought crisis be solved according to some **researchers**?

利用题干关键词定位文章第一段，通过关键词found 确定重点内容为deep water reserves under the state which could help solve their drought crisis.以及后文的数据实验作为例证，可知危机可通过开采地下水解决。于是B选项同义替换。A选项偷换概念，并没有建立更多的动作。C选项无中生有原文并未提及先进的钻井技术。D选项无中生有，并未提及水利调配体系。

47、 What can be inferred about **extracting water from deep aquifers**?

根据题干定位到第一段划线部分but due to new pumping practices, water deeper than this can now be extracted (抽取). The team at Stanford investigated the aquifers(地下蓄水层)below this depth and found that reserves may be triple what was previously thought.解题关键词依旧为found，因为此题目为推理题，于是答案应当为原文的间接表达。原文中说地下水的储备量超过了预期的三倍。于是可以判断之前对于地下水量的态度较为保守，认为不应该进行开采，于是选择B选项。A选项与原文意见相反。C、D均为无中生有。

48、 What is mentioned as a **consequence of extracting water from deep underground**?

此题目按照顺序原则回文定位，可发现题干论述过于抽象，课利用选项短语回文定位The biggest concern of pumping out water from this deep in the gradual settling down of the land surface. As the water is pumped out, the vacant space left is compacted by the weight of the earth above.其中只有A选项符合文意，为同义替换+原词选项。B、C、D均未提及。

49、 What does the author say about **deep wells**?

利用顺序原则，将题干定位到文中划线位置Wells are much more reliable sources of freshwater, and California is hoping that these deep wells may be the answer to their severe water shortage 可知D选项为原词+同义替换。A、B、均未提及。C选项偷换概念，将answer替换成了ultimate solution

50、 What may happen when **deep aquifers are used as water sources**?

利用文章剩下内容，讲关键词锁定在problem、means、thus因此可将解题句确定在This means that some wells may even need to undergo desalination after extraction, thus increasing the cost. C选项为原文。A、B、D无中生有

#### Passage two

1、**（51）The *AlphaGo programs victory* is an example of how *smart computers have become*.**

2、But can artificial intelligence (AI) machines **act ethically**, meaning can they be honest and fair?

3、One example of AI is driverless cars. They are already on California roads, so it is not too soon to ask whether we can program a machine to **act ethically**. As driverless cars improve, they will save lives. They will make fewer mistakes than human drivers do. Sometimes, **（52）however, they will face a choice between lives.** Should the cars be programmed to avoid hitting a child running across the road, even if that will put their passengers at risk? What about making a sudden turn to avoid a dog? What if the only risk is damage to the car itself, not to the passengers?

4、Perhaps there will be lessons to learn from driverless cars, but they are not super-intelligent beings. **（53）Teaching ethics to a machine even more intelligent than we are will be the *bigger challenge*.**

5、About the same time as AlphaGo's triumph, **Microsoft's 'chatbot'** took a bad turn. The software, named Taylor, was designed to answer messages from people aged 18-24. Taylor was supposed to be able to learn from the messages she received. She was designed to slowly improve her ability to handle conversations, **（54）but some people were teaching Taylor *racist ideas*. When she started saying nice things about Hitler,** Microsoft turned her off and deleted her ugliest messages.

6、AlphaGo's victory and Taylor's defeat happened at about the same time. This should be a warning to us. It is one thing to use AI within a game with clear rules and clear goals. It is something very different to use AI in the real world. The unpredictability of the real world may bring to the surface a troubling software problem.

7、**Eric Schmidt** is one of the bosses of Google, which owns AlphaGo. **（55）He thinks AI will be positive for humans. He said people will be the winner, whatever the outcome.** Advances in AI will make human beings smarter, more able and "just better human beings."

51、 What does the author want to show with the example of **AlphaGo's victory**?

解析：用题干the example of AlphaGo’s victory定位至第一段，通过The AlphaGo program’s victory is an example of how smart computers have become. Alphago的成功是电脑已经变得很聪明的一个例子。因此D项电脑可以变得高智能符合题意。A B C在此处文意没有体现。

52、 What does the author mean by AI machines **acting ethically**?

解析：通过题干acting ethically定位至第三段，答案在转折后：人工智能在无人驾驶方面，可以比司机犯更少的错，“Sometimes, however, they will face a choice between lives.”但是有时会面临生命间的选择。A的predicting预测无中生有，D sacrifice everything牺牲一切语气太过绝对，无中生有，B在做出选择前衡量得失与C面临道德困境时做出理智选择，C选项更贴合原文。

53、 What is said to be the **bigger challenge** facing humans in the AI age?

通过题干the bigger challenge定位至第三段“Teaching ethics to a machine even more intelligent than we are will be the bigger challenge”，因此选B

54、 What do we learn about **Microsoft's "chatbot" Taylor**?

解析：通过题干定位至第五段，由“but some people were teaching Taylor racist ideas. When she started saying nice things about Hitler, Microsoft turned her off and deleted her ugliest messages.”可知，A选项Taylor无法区分好和坏正确。B选项是它可以自己关闭，而原文是微软关掉它，C选项与原文“She was designed to slowly improve her ability to handle conversations”意思正相反，D选项无中生有。

55、 What does **Eric Schmidt** think of artificial intelligence?

解析：通过题干定位至最后一段，A B D无中生有，原文Eric Schmidt认为人工智能对人类发展有利，由原文“He thinks AI will be positive for humans. He said people will be the winner, whatever the outcome…”可知C选项正确。

### 选词填空

Millions die early from air pollution each year. Air pollution costs the global economy more than $5 trillion annually in welfare costs, with the most serious ___26___ occurring in the developing world.

The figures include a number of costs ___27___ with air pollution. Lost income alone amounts to $225 billion a year.

The report includes both indoor and outdoor air pollution. Indoor pollution, which includes ___28___ like home heating and cooking, has remained ___29___ over the past several decades despite advances in the area. Levels of outdoor pollution have grown rapidly along with rapid growth in industry and transportation.

Director of Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation Chris Murray ___30___ it as an “urgent call to action.” One of the risk factors for premature deaths is the air we breathe, over which individuals have little ___31___, he said.

The effects of air pollution are worst in the developing world, where in some places lost-labor income ___32___ nearly 1% of GDP. Around 9 in 10 people in low and middle-income countries live in places where they ___33___ experience dangerous levels of outdoor air pollution.

But the problem is not limited ___34___ to the developing world. Thousands die prematurely in the U. S. as a result of related illnesses. In many European countries, where diesel (柴油) ___35___ have become more common in recent years, that number reaches tens of thousands.

A) ability

B) associate

C) consciously

D) constant

E) control

F) damage

G) described

H) equals

I) exclusively

J) innovated

K) regularly

L) relates

M) sources

N) undermine

O) vehicles

词性分类：

v.: associate control damage described equals innovated relates sources undermine

n.: ability associate constant control damage equals sources vehicles

adv: consciously exclusively regularly

26 F. damage根据空前为形容词，判断出空缺处为名词，根据上文，空气污染每年给全球经济造成超过5万亿美元的福利成本，对于发展中国家带来最大的伤害，因此选择damage。

27 B. associate 空前为the figures include a number of costs associate with air pollution 空格前主谓宾齐全，可判断空格处和后面的with构成短语做后置定语修饰前面的cost，而associate与be…with 构成固定搭配。符合文意。

28 M. sources 题目中Indoor pollution, which includes 28__ , 空前为动词，可知空格处为名词来做动词的宾语。第二段首句表示据报道污染you室内和室外污染，室内污染包括像home heating and cooking 。

29 D. constant 原文…like home heating and cooking, has remain 29__over the past several decades despite advances in the area. Remain 作为系动词后应跟形同次，因此根据文意选择constant。

30 G. described 原文Director of Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation Chris Murray 30__ it as an “urgent call to action.”根据出题人常考句式n_n v. 空前为名词空后为名词，此处应填入及物动词，因此根据文意选择 described。

31 E control 空格前为形容词little，空格处做have的宾语，因此填名词，和over形成词组，因此选择control，词组control over控制，此句意为过早死亡的危险因素之一为我们呼吸的空气，个人对它几乎没有控制权。

32 H equals 空格前为lost labor income为名词，定语从句中的主语，空格后为of结构的名词，因此判断出空格为谓语，选动词，且第三人称单数形式，选择equals，此句意为空气污染的影响在发展中国家最为糟糕，在一些地方，劳动收入的损失相当于近GDP的1%。

33 K regularly 空格前为名词，空格后为动词，判断出空格为副词，选择regularly，此句意为在低收入与中等收入的国家，大约9-10人生活在经常遭受严重室外空气污染的地方。

34 I exclusively 空格前为谓语动词，空格后为belimitedto的宾语，句子成分完整，判断空格为副词，选择exclusively，此句意为但是这个问题不仅仅局限于发展中国家。

35 O vehicles 空格前为名词/形容词，空格后为谓语动词，判断出空格为主语名词，由diesel限定修饰，选择vehicles，此句意为，在许多欧洲国家，柴油汽车近年变得越来越普遍，这个数字达到了数万辆。


### 段落匹配

Food-as-Medicine Movement Is Witnessing Progress

A) Several times a month, you can find a doctor in the aisles of Ralph's market in Huntington Beach, California, wearing a white coat and helping people learn about food. On one recent day, this doctor was Daniel Nadeau, wandering the cereal aisle with Allison Scott, giving her some idea on how to feed kids who persistently avoid anything that is healthy. "Have you thought about trying fresh juices in the morning?" he asks her. "The frozen oranges and apples are a little cheaper, and fruits are really good for the brain. **(39)Juices are quick and easy to prepare**; you can take the frozen fruit out the night before and have it ready the **next morning.**"

B) Scott is delighted to get food advice from a physician who is program director of the nearby Mary and Dick Allen Diabetes Center, part of the St. Joseph Hoag Health alliance. **(37)The center's "Shop with Your Doc" program sends doctors to the grocery store to meet with any patients who sign up for the service, plus any other shoppers who happen to be around with questions.**

C) Nаdеаu nоtісеѕ thе рrе-mаdе mасаrоnі（通心粉）-аnd-сhееѕе bохеѕ іn Ѕсоtt'ѕ ѕhорріng саrt аnd suggests she switch to whole grain macaroni and real cheese. "So I'd have to make it?" she asks, **(42)her enthusiasm fading at the thought of how long that might take, just to have her kids reject it.** "I'm not sure they'd eat it. They just won't eat it."

D) Nadeau says sugar and processed foods are big contributors to the rising diabetes rates among children. "**(36)In America, over 50 percent of our food is processed food**," Nadeau tells her. "And only 5 percent of our food is plant-based food. I think we should try to reverse that." Scott agrees to try more fruit juices for the kids and to make real macaroni and cheese. Score one point for the doctor, zero for diabetes.

E) Nadeau is part of a small revolution developing across California. **(44)The food-as-medicine *movement has been around for decades*, but it's making progress as physicians and medical institutions make food a formal part of treatment, rather than relying solely on medications（药物**）. By prescribing nutritional changes or launching programs such as "Shop with Your Doc", they are trying to prevent, limit or even reverse disease by changing what patients eat. "There's no question people can take things a long way toward reversing diabetes, reversing high blood pressure, even preventing cancer by food choices," Nadeau says.

F) In the big picture, says Dr. Richard Afable, CEO and president of St. Joseph Hoag Health, medical institutions across the state are starting to make a philosophical switch to becoming a health organization, not just a health care organization. That feeling echoes the beliefs of the Therapeutic Food Pantry program at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, which completed its pilot phase and is about to expand on an ongoing basis to five clinic sites throughout the city. **(41)The program will offer patients several bags of food prescribed for their condition, along with intensive *training in how to cook it*.** "We really want to link food and medicine, and not just give away food," says Dr. Rita Nguyen, the hospital's medical director of Healthy Food Initiatives. "We want people to understand what they're eating, how to prepare it, the role food plays in their lives."

G) In Southern California, Loma Linda University School of Medicine is offering specialized training for its resident physicians in Lifestyle Medicine—that is a formal specialty in using food to treat disease. ***Research* findings increasingly show the power of food to treat or reverse diseases, but that does not mean that diet alone is always the solution, or that *every illness can benefit substantially from dietary changes***. Nonetheless, physicians say that they look at the collective data and a clear picture emerges: **(45)that the salt, sugar, fat and processed foods in the American diet *contribute to* the nation's *high rates of obesity, diabetes and heart disease*.** According to the World Health Organization, 80 percent of deaths from heart disease and stroke are caused by high blood, pressure, tobacco use, elevated cholesterol and low consumption of fruits and vegetables.

H) "It's a different paradigm（范式）of how to treat disease," says Dr. Brenda Rea, who helps run the family and preventive medicine residency program at Loma Linda University School of Medicine. The lifestyle medicine specialty is designed to train doctors in how to prevent and treat disease, in part, by changing patient's nutritional habits. The medical center and school at Loma Linda also has a food cupboard and kitchen for patients. This way, patients not only learn about which foods to buy, but also how to prepare them at home.

I) Many people don't know how to cook, Rea says, and they only know how to heat things up. That means depending on packaged food with high salt and sugar content. **(40)So teaching people about which foods are healthy and how to prepare them, she says, *can actually transform a patient's life***. And beyond that, it might transform the health and lives of that patient's family. "What people eat can be medicine or poison," Rea says. "As a physician, nutrition is one of the most powerful things you can change to reverse the effects of long-term disease."

J) Studies have explored evidence that dietary changes can slow inflammation（炎症）, for example, or make the body inhospitable to cancer cell. **(43)In general, many lifestyle medicine physicians recommend *a plant-based* diet—particularly for people with *diabetes* or other inflammatory conditions.**

K) "As what happened with tobacco, this will require a cultural shift, but that can happen," says Nguyen. "In the same way physicians used to smoke, and then stopped smoking and were able to talk to patients about it, I think physicians can have a bigger voice in it."

36、 More **than half** of the **food Americans eat is factory-produced**.

D 根据题干中表示数字的关键词More than half of the food(超过半数的食物)可迅速定位至D段over 50 percent of our food(超过50%的食物)一句，其中More than half和over 50 percent是同义替换。

37、 There is a special program that **assigns doctors** to give advice to **shoppers in food stores**.

B 本题较为有难度，题干中的关键信息program一词，在数个段落中均有出现，此时需要留心题干中对于program一词的修饰，分别为形容词special(特殊的)以及定语从that assigns doctors to give advice to shoppers in food stores(指定医生为食品店的顾客提供建议)。special一词出现在G段和H段，与其搭配的名词并非program，而doctors to give advice to shoppers这一概念仅出现在B段，因此正确答案锁定为B段。通读B段可得知‘Shop with Your Doc’ program即为题干中的a special program，因此验证了B段的正确性。

38、 There is **growing evidence** from **research** that **food helps patients recover from various illnesses**.

G 题干中research(研究)这一关键信息仅存在于文章的G段，因此本题正确答案应锁定为G段。

39、 A healthy **breakfast** can be prepared **quickly and easily**.

A 根据题干中的特殊信息breakfast(早餐)一词，可迅速锁定文章A段，其中trying fresh juices in the morning(早上尝试鲜榨果汁)与题干相对应，且后文Juices are quick and easy to prepare(果汁准备起来既快捷又方便)与题干can be prepared quickly and easily(可以迅速便捷地准备)相对应。

40、 Training a patient to prepare healthy food can **change their life**.

I 题干中关键信息change their life(改变他们的生活)和I段can actually transform a patient’s life(实际上可以转变病人的生活)为同义替换，因此I段为本题正确选项。

41、 One **food-as-medicine** program not only prescribes food for treatment but **teaches patients how to cook it.**

F 题干中的关键信息出现在转折词But后，其中teaches patients how to cook it(教患者如何去烹饪)与F段内容training in how to cook it(烹饪方法的训练)对应。

42、 **Scott** is not keen on **cooking food herself**, thinking it would **simply be a waste of time.**

C　题干中带有否定信息not keen on cooking food herself(不热衷于自己烹饪)和a waste of time(浪费时间)，该信息与C段中her enthusiasm fading at the thought of how long that might take(一想到这要花多长时间，她的热情就减退了)为同义替换。

43、 **Diabetes patients** are advised to eat more **plant-based food**.

J 题干中plant-based food为原文D段和J段中仅出现2次的特殊内容，而只有J段中包含有题干信息Diabetes patients(糖尿病患者)的同义替换people with diabetes(患有糖尿病的人)

44、 Using **food as medicine is no novel idea**, but the **movement is making headway these days.**

E 题干中movement一词仅在文章E段出现，且该句中been around for decades(已存在数十年)和no novel idea(并非新颖的观点)相对应，making progress和making headway均表示取得进展，因此正确答案应锁定E段。

45、 **Americans' high rates of various illnesses result from the way they eat.**

G　题干中high rates of various illnesses与G段内容high rates of obesity, diabetes and heart disease相对应都表示高患病率，且题干中result from(源自于)与原文中contribute to(导致)表示因果关系，题干中表原因的部分way they eat(饮食方式)与原文中diet(食谱)为同义替换。
