### 2018年6月英语四级听力真题及答案:第2套

[reference](http://www.kekenet.com/cet4/201808/562277.shtml)

#### Section A News Report
*Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.*

##### Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.

1、 A) Annoyed.

B) Scared.

C) Confused.

D) Offended.

2、 A) It crawled over the woman's hands.

B) It wound up on the steering wheel.

C) It was killed by the police on the spot.

D) It was covered with large scales.

##### Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.

3、 A) A study of the fast-food service.

B) Fast food customer satisfaction.

C) McDonald's new business strategies.

D) Competition in the fast-food industry.

4、 A) Customers' higher demands.

B) The inefficiency of employees.

C) Increased variety of products.

D) The rising number of customers.

##### Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.

5、 A) International treaties regarding space travel programs.

B) Legal issues involved in commercial space exploration.

C) U.S. government's approval of private space missions.

D) Competition among public and private space companies.

6、 A) Deliver scientific equipment to the moon.

B) Approve a new mission to travel into outer space.

C) Work with federal agencies on space programs.

D) Launch a manned spacecraft to Mars.

7、 A) It is significant.

B) It is promising.

C) It is unpredictable.

D) It is unprofitable.

#### Section B
*Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.*

##### Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

8、 A) Visiting her family in Thailand.

B) Showing friends around Phuket.

C) Swimming around a Thai island.

D) Lying in the sun on a Thai beach.

9、 A) She visited a Thai orphanage.

B) She met a Thai girl's parents.

C) She learned some Thai words.

D) She sunbathed on a Thai beach.

10、 A) His class will start in a minute.

B) He has got an incoming phone call.

C) Someone is knocking at his door.

D) His phone is running out of power.

11、 A) He is interested in Thai artworks.

B) He is going to open a souvenir shop.

C) He collects things from different countries.

D) He wants to know more about Thai culture.


##### Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

12、 A) Buying some fitness equipment for the new gym.

B) Opening a gym and becoming personal trainers.

C) Signing up for a weight-loss course.

D) Trying out a new gym in town.

13、 A) Professional personal training.

B) Free exercise for the first week.

C) A discount for a half-year membership.

D) Additional benefits for young couples.

14、 A) The safety of weight-lifting.

B) The high membership fee.

C) The renewal of his membership.

D) The operation of fitness equipment.

15、 A) She wants her invitation renewed.

B) She used to do 200 sit-ups every day.

C) She knows the basics of weight-lifting.

D) She used to be the gym's personal trainer.


Section C

Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.

##### Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.

16、 A) They tend to be nervous during interviews.

B) They often apply for a number of positions.

C) They worry about the results of their applications.

D) They search extensively for employers' information.

17、 A) Get better organized.

B) Edit their references.

C) Find better-paid jobs.

D) Analyze the searching process.

18、 A) Provide their data in detail.

B) Personalize each application.

C) Make use of better search engines.

D) Apply for more promising positions.


##### Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.

19、 A) If kids did not like school, real learning would not take place.

B) If not forced to go to school, kids would be out in the streets.

C) If schools stayed the way they are, parents were sure to protest.

D) If teaching failed to improve, kids would stay away from school.

20、 A) Allow them to play interesting games in class.

B) Try to stir up their interest in lab experiments.

C) Let them stay home and learn from their parents.

D) Design activities they now enjoy doing on holidays.

21、 A) Allow kids to learn at their own pace.

B) Encourage kids to learn from each other.

C) Organize kids into various interest groups.

D) Take kids out of school to learn at first hand.


##### Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.

22、 A) It is especially popular in Florida and Alaska.

B) It is a major social activity among the young.

C) It is seen almost anywhere and on any occasion.

D) It is even more expressive than the written word.

23、 A) It is located in a big city in Iowa.

B) It is really marvelous to look at.

C) It offers free dance classes to seniors.

D) It offers people a chance to socialize.

24、 A) Their state of mind improved.

B) They became better dancers.

C) They enjoyed better health.

D) Their relationship strengthened.

25、 A) It is fun.

B) It is life.

C) It is exhausting.

D) It is rhythmical.


#### 答案解析

##### Questions 1 and 2

Kelly escaped injury and managed to save her car after a four-foot long rat snake came out from under her car seat and slithered across her feet as she was driving down the high way。 Rat snakes are poisonous or a threat to people generally。**(1)But the woman says the snake she encountered Thursday *terrified her out of her wits*。 （2）It was rough with *big scales***， said who was on her way to pick up her friend at the airport when it happened。 I don‘t know whether I had my hands on the steering wheel or not。 I’m not the most flexible person in the world， but I can guarantee my knees were up next to my ears。 She said the snake first slithered back under the seat and she hoped it would stay there until she was able to get off the high way and stop。 That didn‘t work out， she said。 Here he comes， and he wind up in my back seat before I could finally get off the road， stop and get out of the car。 She called for help and Washington county animal control officers came and captured the snake。

Q1： How did Kelly feel when she first came across the Rattlesnake？

B) Scared.

Q2： What does the report say about the snake？

D) It was covered with large scales.

##### Questions 3 and 4

Fast food turns out isn’t quite as fast as it used to be。 *A new study* finds that MacDonald posted its slowest drives through times since this survey was first conducted fifteen years ago。 As MacDonald’s， customers were spent on average three minutes and nine seconds from the time they placed their orders until they received their food。 That‘s about ten seconds more than the industry average and a lot slower than a decade ago， according to the study， which was commissioned by QSR， an industry trade publication。 And MacDonalds wasn’t alone in slowing down。 Other chains also saw their drive through performance slowing down. Among the reasons for the slower service， today there are more choices on the menu， **(4)and the products themselves are more complex and take longer to prepare。** Speed， of course， is essential to the drive through experience，and drive throughs are hugely important to chains such as MacDonalds， Burger King， and Tucle Bell。 Usually， the drive through accounts for sixty to seventy percent of all business that goes through a fast food restaurant， notes Sam Ochers， editor of QSR。 Of course， consumers also want their orders prepare correctly and on that score， Ochers says accuracy is still really high。

Q3： What is the news report mainly about？

3、 A) A study of the fast-food service.

Q4： What has slowed down MacDonald‘s drive through service？

C) Increased variety of products.

##### Questions 5 to 7

**(5)The first *private mission* outside earth orbit is closed to many of our think。** U.S。 government officials outset to approve a mission by privately held space company-Moon Express to travel outside of the earth orbit in late 2017。 **(6)Moon express’s mission involves plans to land a suitcase size package of *scientific equipment on the moon* for on-going exploration on commercial development。** The decision involved amounts of lobbying and coordinated conversations between a number of factual agencies。 On the international treaties， the US is responsible for the cargo of both public and private space craft。 This makes commercial space travel a complex legal issue not just domestically but abroad 。 A Moon Express representative declined to comment on the story, **(7)but noted that the company is very *optimistic about its proposal***。 Moon express is not the only company seeking for the rights to travel to outerspace 。 Elon Musk’s space X aims to send an unmanned aircraft to Mars by 2018。

Q5： What is the news report mainly about？

C) U.S. government's approval of private space missions.

Q6： What is the Moon Express planning to do？

6、 A) Deliver scientific equipment to the moon.	

Q7： What does Moon Express think of its mission？

B) It is promising.


#### Section B
*Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.*

##### Questions 8 to 11 

A：Hey Sophia， how are you doing？

B： Hi， Bob。 I’m good， thanks。 Actually，I’m on holiday with my family in Thailand at the moment， although I wish it were with my friends instead。

A： Really？ You never said you are going to Thailand。 How I envy you ！

B： I’ve only been in here a week， but you know Thailand is an amazing place， I’m having a great time here。 **（8）In fact， I’m now lying on the beach in Phuket。** I’ve been in the sun for around 15 minutes only， and I’m already getting sun burnt。 Have you been here before？

A： No， I wish I had。 What else have you been doing in Thailand besides enjoying the sun？

B： Well， **（9）I met a guy from Germany yesterday。 He showed me around the office that he works at。 Then I met many volunteer teachers who are mainly young people from Europe。**

A： Ahh， that’s interesting。

B： Yes。 I also made a new little friend， Sarah。 She was so cute。 I was so sad that we were to leave at the end of the day。 If I ever come back to Thailand， I’d definitely visit this place again， as a volunteer。

A： Well， you can tell me all about it when you get back。 **（10）My phone battery is almost dead now。** Remember to get me something from the souvenir shops. I like to collect bits and pieces from different parts of the world。 Bye now， enjoy yourself Sophia。

B： Bye。

Q8： What does the woman say she is doing now？

D) Lying in the sun on a Thai beach.

Q9： What did the woman do yesterday？

9、 A) She visited a Thai orphanage.	

Q10： Why does the man have to end the conversation？

D) His phone is running out of power.

Q11： Why does the man ask the woman to bring him something from Thailand？

C) He collects things from different countries.

##### Questions 12 to 15 

A: Hi David, **（12）there is a new gym opening in town today. Would you like to go with me this afternoon?**

B: Yes, more than glad to. I haven’t been to a gym for ages, I need to do some exercise to tone up.

A: Then this is a good chance. They sent me an invitation with a note saying I can take a friend for free on the first day. Also, if we both sign up before Friday, **（13）we can get a discount on a six-month membership.**

B: Great, count me in. I really want to lose some of these belly fat and turn it into muscle, **（14）but I’m not sure which of the gym equipment with best help.**

A: Well, I know expert of that, **（14）but I think you can try lifting weights and do at least 200 sit-ups twice a day.**

B: I’ve never tried weight lifting before. Is it dangerous?

A: No, not at all. **(15)If you know some of the basics.** Don’t worry, I’ll show you the rules. I used to practice this at another gym before my membership ended. I’ll be your personal trainer.

B: Thank you. What other equipment do they have?

A: Well like all gyms. They have all sorts of things to help build up muscles in different parts of the body, like up-ride bicycles, chest stretching machines, and running machines. You could use any of these to suit your purpose. Now the gym opens at noon, so can we meet up in town at 1:30 p.m.?

B: Perfect, see you there, coach.

12、What are the speakers talking about?

D) Trying out a new gym in town.

13、What does the gym offer at its opening?

C) A discount for a half-year membership.

14、What is the man concerned about?

D) The operation of fitness equipment.

15、What do we learn about the woman from the conversation?

C) She knows the basics of weight-lifting.

##### Questions 16 to 18

In today’s job market， **(16)it is now common for job seekers to send applications for many positions**。 That is lots of time and lots of work to organize。 Certainly， you can’t wait to waste your precious hours on following the developments on the fashion， and miss the important deadlines， confuse interview times or forget to follow up a result。 Accordingly， managing our work search properly is just as important as identify the job opportunities and send your applications。 If you are familiar with Microsoft Excel or a similar program， creating a table is a simple and effective way to keep track your job applications。 If the excel isn’t used as drinking a cup of tea， don’t be worried。 You can create a table in Microsoft。 **(17)Google is another tool to help you to organize your work effectively。 If you have a G-mail account， you can create a safe and send tables in addition to read a document like your cover letter and resume。** You can also link up with Google calendar to make sure you make top with the important dates。 Clearly， there are plenty of days to keep track of search and to make efforts to simplify your job search well paid off。 Nevertheless you should always focus on the quality not the quantity。 **(18)Only you apply the position you are qualified for， and make each application count， personalizing each cover letters and updating your resume。**

Q16.What does the speaker say about today‘s jobseekers？

B) They often apply for a number of positions.

Q17.What kind of job do applicants can do with the help of the Google？

A) Get better organized.

Q18.What does the speaker suggest the jobseekers do？

B) Personalize each application.


##### Questions 19 to 21 

**(19)Some people say if kids didn‘t happen to go to school， they’d all be out in the streets。** My reply is no。 They wouldn‘t。 First， even as schools stay just what they are， children would spend at least some time there because that’s where they would be likely to find their friends。 **(20)Second， schools wouldn‘t stay the way they are。 They’d get better。 Because we would have to start making them what they ought to be right now。** Last， if we give children a little help， those who did not want to go to school， could find other things to do， since many children now do during their holidays。 **(21)There is something easier we could。 We need to get kids out of the school buildings to give them a chance to learn about the outside world at first hand。** In Philadelphia and Oregon， plans are being drawn up for public schools that won‘t have any school buildings at all。 That will take the students out into the city and help them to use it and its people as a resource。 In others words， students， perhaps in groups， perhaps independently， will go to libraries， museums， exhibitions， radios， and TV stations， meetings， businesses and laboratories to learn about their world and society at first hand。 A small private school in Washington is all ready doing this。 It makes sense， and we need more of it。

Q19： What are some people worried about according to the speaker？

B) If not forced to go to school, kids would be out in the streets.

Q20： What does the speaker think we could do for the kids who dislike school？

D) Design activities they now enjoy doing on holidays.

Q21： What does the speaker say is the easier thing we could do？

D) Take kids out of school to learn at first hand.


##### Questions 22 to 25

Before there was the written word， there was the language of dance。 Dance expresses love and hate， joy and sorrow， life and death， and everything else in between， **(22)Dance in America is everywhere。** We dance from Florida to Alaska， from Harison to Harison and coast to coast。 We dance at weddings， birthdays， office parties or just to fill the time。 **(23)“I adore dancing，” says Lester Bridges， the owner of a dance studio in a small town in Iowa**。 “I can‘t imagine doing anything else with my life。 ” Bridges runs dance classes for all ages。 “Teaching dance is wonderful。 My older students say it makes them feel young。 It’s marvelous to watch them。 For many of them， it‘s a way of meeting people and having a social life。 ”So why do we dance？“I can tell you about one young couple，” says Bridges。 **(24)“They arrive at the class in a bad mood and they leave with a smile。 Dancing seems to change their mood completely。”**

So， do we dance in order to make ourselves feel better， calmer， healthier。 Andrea Hillier， a dance teacher says， “Dance， like the pattern of a beating heart， is life。 Even after all these years， I want to get better and better。 I keep practicing even when I‘m exhausted。 **(25)I find it hard to stop！ Dancing reminds me I’m alive。”**

Q22：What does the passage say about the dance in America？

C) It is seen almost anywhere and on any occasion.

Q23： What do we know about the Lester Bridges dance studio？

D) It offers people a chance to socialize.

Q24： What happened to the young couple after they attended last Bridges in class？

A) Their state of mind improved.

Q25：What does Andrea Hillier say about dancing?

B) It is life.