### 2018年12月英语四级听力真题及答案:第1套

[reference1](http://www.kekenet.com/cet4/201906/587378.shtml) [reference2](https://cet4.koolearn.com/20190528/830496.html)

#### Section A News Report
*Directions： In this section， you will hear three news reports。 At the end of each news report， you will hear two or three questions。 Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once。 After you hear a question， you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A）， B）， C） and D）。 Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre。*

##### Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.

1、A) Land a space vehicle on the moon in 2019.

B) Design a new generation of mobile phones.

C) Set up a mobile phone network on the moon.

D) Gather data from the moon with a tiny device.

2、A) It is stable.

B) It is durable.

C) It is inexpensive.

D) It is sophisticated.

##### Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.

3、A) It lasted more than six hours.

B) No injuries were yet reported.

C) Nobody was in the building when it broke out.

D) It had burned for 45 minutes by the time firefighters arrived.

4、A) Recruit and train more firefighters.

B) Pull down the deserted shopping mall.

C) Turn the shopping mall into an amusement park.

D) Find money to renovate the local neighborhood.

##### Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.

5、A) Shrinking potato farming.

B) Heavy reliance on import.

C) Widespread plant disease.

D) Insufficient potato supply.

6、A) It intends to keep its traditional diet.

B) It wants to expand its own farming.

C) It is afraid of the spread of disease.

D) It is worried about unfair competition.

7、A) Global warming.

B) Ever-rising prices.

C) Government regulation.

D) Diminishing investment.

#### Section B Conversation
*Directions： In this section， you will hear two long conversations。 At the end of each conversations you will hear four questions。 Both the conversations and the question-s will be spoken only once。 After you hear a question。 You must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A），B），C）and D）。 Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.*

##### Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

8、A) Informative.

B) Inspiring.

C) Dull.

D) Shallow.

9、A) She types on a keyboard.

B) She does recording.

C) She takes photos.

D) She takes notes.

10、A) It keeps her mind active.

B) It makes her stay awake.

C) It enables her to think hard.

D) It helps her kill time.

11、A) It enables her to improve her pronunciation.

B) It helps her better remember what she learns.

C) It turns out to be an enjoyable way of learning.

D) It proves to be far more effective than writing.

##### Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

12、A) To spend her honeymoon.

B) To try authentic Indian food.

C) To take photos of the Taj Mahal.

D) To trace the origin of a love story.

13、A) In memory of a princess.

B) In honor of a great emperor.

C) To mark the death of an emperor of the 1600s.

D) To celebrate the birth of a princess's 14th child.

14、A) It looks older than expected.

B) It is built of wood and bricks.

C) It stores lots of priceless antiques.

D) It has walls decorated with jewels.

15、A) Their streets are narrow.

B) They are mostly crowded.

C) Each one has a unique character.

D) Life can be tedious in some places.


#### Section C Passage
*Directions： In this section， you will hear three passages。 At the end of each passage， you will hear three or four questions。 Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once。 After you hear a question， you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A），B），C）and D）。Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.*

##### Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.

16、A) They help spread the latest technology.

B) They greatly enrich people’s leisure life.

C) They provide residents with the resources needed.

D) They allow free access to digital books and videos.

17、A) By helping them find jobs.

B) By inspiring their creativity.

C) By keeping them off the streets.

D) By providing a place of relaxation.

18、A) Their interaction with teenagers proved fruitful.

B) They used libraries less often than teenagers.

C) They tended to visit libraries regularly.

D) Their number increased modestly.

##### Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.

19、A) It is the cleverest cat in the world.

B) It is the largest cat in Africa.

C) It is an unusual cross breed.

D) It is a large-sized wild cat.

20、A) They are as loyal as dogs.

B) They have unusually long tails.

C) They are fond of sleeping in cabinets.

D) They know how to please their owners.

21、A) They shake their front paws.

B) They teach them to dive.

C) They shower with them.

D) They shout at them.

##### Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.

22、A) Anxious and depressed.

B) Contented and relieved.

C) Excited but somewhat sad.

D) Proud but a bit nervous.

23、A) It is becoming parents biggest concern.

B) It is gaining increasing public attention.

C) It depends on their parents for success.

D) It starts the moment they are born.

24、A) Set a good example for them to follow.

B) Read books and magazines to them.

C) Help them to learn by themselves.

D) Choose the right school for them.

25、A) Their intelligence.

B) Their home life.

C) The effort they put in learning.

D) The quality of their school.

#### 答案解析

##### Questions 1 and 2

**A device that weighs less than one kilogram is part of a mission that will allow scientists to deliver fourth generation or 4G mobile coverage to the moon in 2019.** If successful, the tiny device will provide the moon with its first ever mobile phone network. The lunar network will support high definition streaming of video and data between the moon and earth. The network is part of a mission to the moon. This is a project with the goal of landing the first privately paid for mission to the moon. The 4G mission is set to launch from Cape Canaveral in the United States on a space X Falcon 9 rocket in 2019. Mission to the moon intends to establish and test the first elements of a communications network on the moon. The scientists working on the project opted to build a 4G rather than a fifth generation or 5G network.This is because fifth generation networks are still in testing and trial phases.**This means that a 5G network may not yet be stable enough to work on the moon‘s surface**

Question 1：What are scientists planning to do?

C) Set up a mobile phone network on the moon.

Question 2：Why did scientists choose to set up a 4G network in their mission?

A) It is stable.

##### Questions 3 and 4

It‘s responded to a fire Wednesday night at an abandoned mall in Heywood. The fire was reported at 9：26 pm at an old shopping center on Michigan Avenue near St. Mary’s Church.Six fire engines， two trucks and two chiefs responded to the scene. Crews had the fire under control in about 45 minutes and managed to contain the fire to its point of origin.  **There were some people inside the building when the fire broke out but there were no reports of any injuries.** Fire investigators have responded to the scene but have not yet determined the cause of the fire. Firefighters will remain on the scene until later this morning to ensure that the fire doesn‘t start up again. **The shopping mall had not been in use since 2002. In 2014 City Hall developed a plan to knock down the building and replace it with affordable housing.** However the plan was dropped due to lack of funds.

Question 3：What does the news item say about the fire?

B) No injuries were yet reported.

Question4：What had City Hall planned to do?

B) Pull down the deserted shopping mall.

##### Questions 5 to 7

Potato chips in Japan are being sold for 6X their normal price.**This is after the country‘s main manufacturer stopped sales due to a potato shortage.** Storms and floods and its main potato growing region last year caused the worst harvest and more than 3 decades. Local media reports suggest Calbee and its main rival Koike-ya are halting almost 50 products.

“We don‘t know when we’ll be able to restart”， a company spokesman said. Snack lovers are panic buying and many supermarket shelves are bare. Japanese laws limit the amount of imported potatoes that can be used in Japanese made products. **Japan says fear of disease is its main reason to block fresh imports.** It still only allows potatoes from selected US states. This is only at certain times and on condition that they are processed at factories based near Japanese ports.

**But global warming has raised the possibility that domestic produce could be seriously affected by rare weather events more often.**

Question 5：What problem is Japan facing?

D) Insufficient potato supply.

Question 6：Why does Japan limit the import of potatoes?

C) It is afraid of the spread of disease.

Question 7：What might affect Japanese domestic produce?

A) Global warming.

##### Questions 8 to 11

M： (8)**Mr.Brown‘s lectures are so boring.**

W：	Yes， he is not a very exciting speaker. But the subject is interesting.

M： During every one of his lectures， I try to listen I really try. But after about 10 minutes my mind begins to wander and I lose concentration. But I see that you seem to be OK. How do you stay focused through the entire hour?

W： Well，what I do is **keep my pen moving**.

M： What do you mean?

W： It‘s a method of active concentration I read about. **(9)One of the most effective ways to concentrate is to write things down.** But it has to be done by hand， not typing on a keyboard. You see writing by hand forces you to actually engage with what you’re learning in a more physical way.

M： Do you review your notes afterwards then?

W： Sometimes but that‘s not important. My notes may or may not be useful but the point is that by writing down what Mr. Brand says I can follow his line of thinking more easily. In fact， sometimes I draw a little too.

M：You draw in class and that helps me pay attention?

W： Yes， honestly it works for me. I just draw little lines and nonsense really. It was also in that article I read. **(10)It can keep the mind active**， prevent getting bored and help to concentrate.Again the point is to listen hard while keeping the pen moving. If I‘m at home and I need to study what I do is **(11)read out loud.It has a similar effect to writing by hand**.It helps memorize information in a physical way.

Question 8. What does the man think of Mr.Brown‘s lectures?

C) Dull.

Question 9. What does the woman do during Mr.Brown‘s lectures?

D) She takes notes.

Question 10. Why does the woman draw in class?

A) It keeps her mind active.

Question 11. What does the woman say about reading out loud?

D) It proves to be far more effective than writing.

##### Questions 12 to 15

M： And where is this?

F ：These photos are from the Taj Mahal in India. **(12)We went there about ten years ago for our honeymoon**.

M： Was it romantic.

F： Yeah. The Taj Mahal was a very romantic place. The guide told us there is a famous love story behind this building that all Indians learn in school. I think it was during the 1600 and the princess at that time died while giving birth to her 14th child. **（13）The Emperor loved the princess so much and was so sad when she died that he ordered the palace to be built in her honor.**

M：Wow ! That sounds very romantic. It looks amazing.

F：Yes it‘s gorgeous. It’s also larger in real life than it looks in the photos. The building is very tall and there are gardens in a wall around it all. It‘s all built in this white stone and **(14)some walls of the building are decorated with jewels.**

M ：It must have been very crowded when you were there.

F： Yes it‘s a very famous tourist destination. So there are thousands of visitors every day.

M： Was the rest of India crowded?

F：**(15)Yes，very crowded in many cities.** It was sometimes so crowded that it was difficult to walk along the streets especially through busy markets. And there are so many cars. Traffic was terrible but the people were friendly. The culture is amazing and we had a great time.

M：What about the food?

F： the Indian food is great. There are lots of different dishes to try and every region has its own special food.

Question 12. For what purpose did the woman go to India?

A) To spend her honeymoon.

Question 13. Why was the Taj Mahal built?

13、A) In memory of a princess.

Question 14. What does the woman say about the Taj Mahal?

D) It has walls decorated with jewels.

Question 15 what is the woman‘s impression of Indian cities?

B) They are mostly crowded.

##### Questions 16 to 18

A Pew Research Center survey of more than 1000 Americans conducted in April 2016 finds that Americans continue to express largely positive views about the current state of their local public libraries. **(16)For instance around three quarters say that public libraries provide them with the resources they need and 66 percent say the closing of their local public library would have a major impact on their community.** Although notably just 33 percent say this would have a major impact on them personally or on their family. A majority of Americans feel libraries are doing a good job of providing a safe place for people to hang out or spend time as **(17)well as opening up educational opportunities for people of all ages and roughly half think their libraries contribute a lot to their communities in terms of helping spark creativity among young people and providing a trusted place for people to learn about new technologies.** As in past Pew Research Center surveys of library use the April 2016 survey also measured Americans usage of and engagement with libraries. Overall, 53 percent of Americans ages 16 and older have had some interaction with the puppet library in the past year either through an in person visit or using a library Web site. some 48 percent of adults specifically visited a library in the past 12 months. **(18)A modest increase from the 44 percent who said that in late 2015.**

Question 16：What do most Americans say about local public libraries?

C) They provide residents with the resources needed.

Question 17：how can local public libraries benefit young people?

B) By inspiring their creativity.

Question 18：what does the 2016 survey show about adult library users?

D) Their number increased modestly.


##### Questions 19 to 21

**(19)A Savannah cat is a *crossbreed* between a domestic cat and a medium-sized wild African cat called the Serval. The unusual cross became popular among breeders at the end of the 1990s.** And in 2001， the International Cat Association accepted it as a new registered breed. The savannahs are tall and slim and can weigh up to nine point one kilograms， making them one of the largest breeds of cats that people can own. They have a spotted code similar to that of many types of wild cats and their ears are very large. **(20)They are also commonly compared to dogs in their loyalty and can be trained to walk on a lead and to fetch**， and often noted characteristic of the Savannah is its jumping ability. They are known to jump on top of doors and high cabinets. Some can leap about2.5 metres high from a standing position. Cats are typically known for being very inquisitive and so are the Savannahs. They often learn how to open doors and cupboards. Many Savannah cats do not fear water and will play with or even dive into water. **(21)Some owners even shower with their Savannah Cats**，presenting a water bowl to Savannah may also prove a challenge，as some will promptly begin to bat all the water out of the bowl until it is empty using their front paws.

Question 19. What do we learn about the savannah cat?

C) It is an unusual cross breed

Question 20. What is characteristic of Savannah cats?

A) They are as loyal as dogs

Question 21 What do some people do with their Savannah cats?

C) They shower with them.


##### Questions 22 to 25

**(22)When children start school for the very 1st time parents often feel a sense of *excitement* coupled with a touch of sadness at the end of an era.** This is the start of a new adventure for children playing and interacting with new friends sharing， taking turns and settling into a new routine.

But of course，**(23)this is not the start of your child‘s education which in fact began at birth.** Back then，you would have been your child’s most influential teachers. During this time at home，your child would have learnt more than at any other period in their life. During your child‘s first year in school much time will be spent in learning to read and they need to know that this is fun and worthwhile. **(24)your child will naturally copy you** so it is important that u are seen reading and enjoying books newspapers and magazines rather than just absorbed in screens. Ultimately an excellent education should be a close partnership between parents and teachers. A child’s year splits fairly neatly into thirds： a 3rd at school， a 3rd asleep and a third awake at home or on holiday.

**(25)Irrespective of the quality of a school a child‘s home life is of key importance.** It is the determining factor of their academic success. Ur child may have started on a new journey but ur work is far from finished.

Question 22 How do parents feel when their children start going to school?

C) Excited but somewhat sad.

Question 23 What does the passage say about children‘s education?

D) It starts the moment they are born.

Question 24 What should parents do for the success of their children‘s education?

A) Set a good example for them to follow.

Question 25. What does the passage say is the key factor of loinbo’s academic success?

B) Their home life.