### 2018年12月英语四级听力真题及答案:第2套

[reference](http://www.kekenet.com/cet4/201906/587382.shtml)[reference1](http://www.kekenet.com/cet4/17358/)

#### Section A News Report
*Directions： In this section， you will hear three news reports。 At the end of each news report， you will hear two or three questions。 Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once。 After you hear a question， you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A）， B）， C） and D）。 Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre。*

##### Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.

1.A) A man was pulled to safety after a building collapse.

B) A beam about ten feet long collapsed to the ground.

C) A rescue worker got trapped in the basement.

D) A deserted 100-year-old building caught fire.

2.A) He suffered a fatal injury in an accident.

B) He once served in a fire department.

C) He was collecting building materials.

D) He moved into his neighbor's old house.


##### Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.

3.A) Improve the maths skills of high school teachers.

B) Change British people's negative view of maths.

C) Help British people understand their paychecks.

D) Launch a campaign to promote maths teaching.

4.A) Children take maths courses at an earlier age.

B) The public sees the value of maths in their life.

C) British people know how to do elementary calculations.

D) Primary school teachers understand basic maths concepts.


##### Questions 5 and 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.

5.A) He owns a fleet of aircraft.

B) He is learning to be a pilot.

C) He regards his royal duties as a burden.

D) He held a part-time job for over 20 years.

6.A) He can demonstrate his superior piloting skills.

B) He can change his focus of attention and relax.

C) He can show his difference from other royalty.

D) He can come into closer contact with his people.

7.A) They enjoyed his company.

B) They liked him in his uniform.

C) They rarely recognised him.

D) They were surprised to see him.


#### Section B Conversation
*Directions： In this section， you will hear two long conversations。 At the end of each conversations you will hear four questions。 Both the conversations and the question-s will be spoken only once。 After you hear a question。 You must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A），B），C）and D）。 Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.*

##### Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

8.A) They were skilled carpenters themselves.

B) It didn't need much capital to start with.

C) Wood supply was plentiful in Romania.

D) They saw a business opportunity there.

9.A) Provide quality furniture at affordable prices.

B) Attract foreign investment to expand business.

C) Enlarge their company by hiring more workers.

D) Open some more branch companies in Germany.

10.A) They are from her hometown.

B) They are imported from Germany.

C) They all come from Romania.

D) They come from all over the continent.

11.A) All across Europe.

B) Throughout the world.

C) Mostly in Bucharest.

D) In Romania only.


##### Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

12.A) Go to a concert with him and his girlfriend.

B) Try out a new restaurant together in town.

C) Go with him to choose a pearl for Susan.

D) Attend the opening of a local restaurant.

13.A) It is sponsored by local restaurants.

B) It specializes in food advertizing.

C) It is especially popular with the young.

D) It provides information on local events.

14.A) They design a special set of menus for themselves.

B) They treat themselves to various entertainments.

C) They go to eat at different stylish restaurants.

D) They participate in a variety of social events.

15.A) More restaurants will join Restaurant Week.

B) This year's Restaurant Week will start soon.

C) Bigger discounts will be offered this Restaurant Week.

D) More types of food will be served this Restaurant Week.


#### Section C Passage
*Directions： In this section， you will hear three passages。 At the end of each passage， you will hear three or four questions。 Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once。 After you hear a question， you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A），B），C）and D）。Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.*

##### Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.

16.A) Rewarding them for eating vegetables.

B) Exposing them to vegetables repeatedly.

C) Improving the taste of vegetable dishes for them.

D) Explaining the benefits of eating vegetables to them.

17.A) They were disliked most by children.

B) They were considered most nutritious.

C) They were least used in Belgian cooking.

D) They were essential to children's health.

18.A) Vegetables differ in their nutritional value.

B) Children's eating habits can be changed.

C) Parents watch closely what children eat.

D) Children's choices of food vary greatly.



##### Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.

19.A) Space exploration has serious consequences.

B) India has many space exploration programs.

C) There is quite a lot to learn about the moon.

D) A lot of garbage has been left on the moon.

20.A) It is costly to bring back.

B) It is risky to destroy.

C) It is of no use on Earth.

D) It is damaged by radiation.

21.A) Record details of space exploration.

B) Monitor the change of lunar weather.

C) Study the effect of radiation and vacuum on its materials.

D) Explore the possibility of human settlement on the moon.



##### Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.

22.A) It is likely to remain a means of business communication.

B) It is likely to be a competitor of various messaging apps.

C) It will gradually be replaced by social media.

D) It will have to be governed by specific rules.

28.A) Save the message in their file.

B) Make a timely response.

C) Examine the information carefully.

D) See if any action needs to be taken.

24.A) It is to be passed on.

B) It is mostly junk.

C) It requires no reply.

D) It causes no concern.

25.A) Make it as short as possible.

B) Use simple and clear language.

C) Adopt an informal style of writing.

D) Avoid using capitals for emphasis.


#### 答案解析

##### Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.

**(1)Rescue crews pulled a man to *safety after a collapse* at a construction site in Brooklyn on Tuesday**. The incident happened on the 400 block of Rutland Road just after 12:30 p.m. The Fire Department of New York says the vacant 100-year-old building being pulled down partially collapsed. A man described as a “non-worker civilian” was buried up to his waist in the basement. **(2)The man was *collecting building materials* when the first floor collapsed underneath him**. He was trapped under a beam about 10 feet below the surface for nearly an hour and a half. The man was then taken to hospital. Officials said he is in stable condition with non-life threatening injuries. The building was reportedly purchased by a neighboring church in 2011. It was the site of a 2006 fire and has remained vacant ever since.

1.What happened at a construction site in Brooklyn on Tuesday

A) A man was pulled to *safety* after a *building collapse*.

2.What does the report say about the“non-worker civilian

C) He was collecting building materials.


##### Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.

Millions of people are struggling to understand their paychecks or calculate money in shops, campaigners have said. Being bad at maths should no longer be seen as a “badge of honor” or down to genetics, according to National Numeracy, **(3)a new organization which aims to challenge the nation’s *negative view of the subject*.** Chris Humphries, chairman of the group, said that poor maths skills can affect an individual’s life, leaving them at a higher risk of being excluded from school or out of work. “Figures from a government survey, published last year, show that 17 million adults in England have basic maths skills that are, at best, the same as an 11-year-old,” he said. Speaking at the lounge of National Numeracy, Mr. Humphries said, “That’s a scary figure, because what it means is they often can’t calculate or give change.” Mike Ellicock, chief executive of National Numeracy, said: “We want to challenge this ‘I can’t do maths’ attitude that is prevalent in the UK,” **(4)adding that it was vital that all *primary school teachers understand key maths concepts*, as young children who fail to learn the basics will suffer later on.**


3.What does the organization National Numeracy aim to do?

B) Change British people's **negative view of maths.**

4.What is vital according to the chief executive of National Numeracy

D) **Primary school** teachers **understand basic maths concepts.**


##### Questions 5 and 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.

**(5)The Dutch king has revealed that for more than *two decades, he has held down a part-time second job* alongside his royal duties.** King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands said that he recently ended his role as a regular “guest pilot” *after 21 years* with the national airline’s fleet of now-outdated aircraft. As a guest flier, the king worked about twice a month, always as co-pilot. He will now retrain to fly the bigger Boeing 737s as the old planes are being phased out of service. The 50-year-old father of three and king to 17 million Dutch citizens calls flying a “hobby.” It lets him leave his royal duties on the ground and fully focus on something else. “You have an aircraft, passengers and crew. You have responsibility for them,” the king said. “You can’t take your problems from the ground into the skies. **(6)You can completely *change focus and concentrate on something else.*** That, for me, is the most relaxing part of flying.” **(7)Willem-Alexander said he is *rarely recognised* by passengers.** Very few people pay attention to him as he walks through the airport in his airline uniform and cap.

5.What does the report say about the Dutch king

D) He held a part-time **job for over 20 years.**

6.Why does the king say he likes flying？

B) He can **change his focus** of attention and relax.

7.What does the king say about passengers at the airport？

C) They **rarely recognised him.**


##### Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

Morning, Miss Semenov. Welcome to our studio.
塞门诺夫小姐,早上好。欢迎来到我们的演播室。

Thanks. My pleasure.
谢谢。我的荣幸。

OK then. Let me start by asking you how old your company is.
那么,好吧。我先问一下你们公司有多少年的历史了。

My grandparents started the company in 1955.
我的祖父母在1955年创办了这家公司。

Why did they decide to open a furniture plant in Bucharest?
他们为什么决定在布加勒斯特开家具厂?

At that time there was a construction boom.
那时候有一股建设热潮。

**（8）There was a great need for furniture and my grandparents *saw a business opportunity*.**
当时对家具的需求很大，我的祖父母看到了商机。

**(9)Their aim was to provide quality yet affordable wooden furniture.**
他们的目标是提供质优价廉的木制家具。

And this goal has never changed.
这个目标从未改变。

Do you still only work with wood?
你还只和木头打交道吗?

That’s right. It’s what we know and what we do best.
这是正确的。这是我们知道的，也是我们做得最好的。

If we started trying different materials, our quality would probably suffer.
如果我们开始尝试不同的材料，我们的质量可能会下降。

And all the wood is local?
所有的木材都是本地的吗?

**(10)Correct. A hundred percent of our raw material comes from Romania.**
正确的。我们的原材料百分之百来自罗马尼亚。

Could you please outline how the company has grown over time?
你能概括一下公司是如何发展的吗?

What have been the main challenges and opportunities that you have faced?
你所面临的主要挑战和机遇是什么?

Well, back in the 50s and 60s, Romania was a lot poorer than it is today. My grandfather and father did not have much capital, and our customers didn’t have much money either. So that limited growth. **(11)The big change was in 2007 when *Romania joined the European Union*. Suddenly, our market exploded in size and we could now sell our products all across the continent.** There was also more financial investment. And, as a result, we went from having 20 employees to 200.
嗯，在五六十年代，罗马尼亚比现在穷得多。我的祖父和父亲没有多少资金，我们的客户也没有多少钱。所以那限制了发展。最大的变化发生在2007年，罗马尼亚加入欧盟。突然，我们的市场规模爆炸了，我们现在可以在整个大陆销售我们的产品。还有更多的金融投资。结果，我们的员工从20人增加到了200人。

Which countries are your biggest market?
哪些国家是你们最大的市场?

Besides Romania, our biggest market is Germany.
除了罗马尼亚，我们最大的市场是德国。

There is strong demand there for our traditional style of furniture.
那里对我们传统风格的家具有很大的需求。

8.Why did Semenov’s grandparents start a furniture plant in Bucharest?
问题8：塞门诺夫的祖父母为什么要在布加勒斯特开办家具厂?

D) They saw a **business opportunity** there.

9.What was Semenov’s grandfather trying to do?
问题9：塞门诺夫的祖父想做什么?

A) Provide **quality furniture** at **affordable prices**.

10.What does Semenov say about her company’s raw materials?
问题10：塞门诺夫对她公司的原材料有什么看法?

C) They all **come from Romania.**

11.Where does Semenov’s company sell their products？
问题11：塞门诺夫公司的产品销往哪里？

A) All across Europe.


##### Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
**(12)Have you heard about the new restaurant, the Pearl?** Susan and I are going to try it out this weekend. We have a reservation on Saturday at 7 o’clock. I can call to add two more to the table if you'd like.
你听说那家新开的餐厅“珍珠”了吗？苏珊和我这个周末要去试试。我们预订了星期六7点钟的房间。如果您愿意，我可以打电话给您，再加两个座位。

That sounds great We’d love to join you. You always seem to know the best places to go. Where do you hear about these things?
听起来不错，我们很乐意加入你们。你似乎总是知道最好的去处。你从哪里听说这些事的?

**(13)I have a habit of reading（614）Magazine. It has all the *information on local events* within the（614）column code area.**
我习惯阅读《（614）杂志》。上面有关于(614)列代码区域当地活动的所有信息。

That was a clever name for the magazine then. Does it only focus on new restaurant openings?
当时对杂志来说那是一个聪明的名字。它只专注于新开的餐厅吗?

They have other information too. Things like concerts, festivals and small shops. I think the restaurant information and reviews are the most exciting though. Each year they also sponsor a local event called Restaurant Week.
他们也有其他的信息。比如音乐会、节日和小商店。不过我认为餐厅的信息和评论是最令人兴奋的。每年他们还赞助当地一个名为“美食周”的活动。

Restaurant Week? What’s that?
餐厅周？那是什么？

Oh, it’s wonderful. All the **stylish restaurants** participate. They have special set menus for the week, usually in spring，at a number of different price points. Susan and I go to at least three different places during the event. **(14)It’s a great opportunity to try some of the more expensive restaurants at a discounted price and try something new.** That’s how we found the Pearl, actually.
哦,这太好了。所有时髦的餐厅都参与其中。他们一周有特殊设置菜单,通常在春天，有不同价格的菜。活动期间，我和苏珊至少去了三个不同的地方。这是一个很好的机会，尝试一些更贵的餐厅在折扣价格和尝试一些新的东西。我们就是这样找到珍珠的。

Wow, that’s an event I would be interested in. When will it be happening this year?
哇，我对这个活动很感兴趣。今年什么时候举行？

You are in luck. **(15)Restaurant Week starts in just a few days, the first Sunday in May.** Let’s make sure they set a double date during the event. Just let me know what type of food you would like to try.
你很幸运。再过几天，也就是五月的第一个星期天，美食周就要开始了。让我们确保他们在活动期间安排了一个四人约会。请告诉我你想吃什么菜。

Okay, I will.
好的。

12.What does the man invite the woman to do this weekend?
问题12：男士邀请女士这个周末做什么？

B) Try out a **new restaurant** together in town.

13.What does the man say about（614）Magazine?
问题13：关于《（614）杂志》男士说了什么？

D) It **provides information on local events.**

14.What does the man usually do with Susan during Restaurant Week?
问题14：男士在餐馆周通常和苏珊做什么?

C) They go to **eat at different stylish restaurants.**

15.Why does the man say the woman is in luck?
问题15：为什么男士说女士很幸运？

B) This year's **Restaurant Week will start soon.**


#### Section C Passage

##### Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.

All parents know it is difficult to get children to eat their vegetables. Some of them offer rewards or treats for children finishing their share. But researchers have discovered that youngsters who are not praised for trying vegetables are more likely to eat them eventually. **(16)The study found that the best way to get children to eat food they do not like is simply to give them *repeated exposure to it*.** Psychologists from Ghent University in Belgium studied 98 children. They gave them five kinds of vegetables to eat-mushrooms, peas, eggplants, carrots and cabbages. **(17)The taste tests revealed that carrots were the *least-liked vegetable* among youngsters.** The children were then given a bowl of boiled carrots and told to choose how much to eat. After 8 minutes, they were asked to rate the dish as “delicious,” “just OK” or “disgusting.” The trial went on twice a week for a month, with a follow-up taste test after 8 weeks. **(18)Children were split into three groups, with one group asked to try the bowl of carrots repeatedly with no further encouragement. The other two groups were given rewards of a toy or verbal praise. After the trial, 81% of children who simply tried the carrots consistently liked them. This is in contrast to 68% for the group given a toy and 75% for the group given verbal praise.**

16.What is the best way to get children to eat vegetables according to a recent study?

B) **Exposing** them to **vegetables repeatedly.**

17.What did the researchers find about carrots?

A) They were **disliked most by children**.

18.What does the result of this research show?

B) Children's eating habits **can be changed**.

##### Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.

**（19）One thing about the moon many people don’t know is that it has *a lot of garbage on its surface*, leftover from human space exploration.** But how much garbage exactly have humans left on the moon? It’s hard to be accurate, but the trash likely weighs more than 181,000 kilograms on Earth. Much of it was left by American astronauts who landed on the lunar surface between 1969 and 1972 during NASA’s Apollo missions. The other rubbish comes from missions that did not have human crews. These missions were conducted by various space exploring agencies, including those from the US, Russia, Japan, India, and Europe. Many of the older pieces are equipment sent to learn about the moon. The equipment stayed there after its missions ended. The moon is also home to lunar orbiters that mapped the moon before they crashed into its surface, adding to the garbage heap. The objects left by the Apollo astronauts included equipment that was no longer needed. **（20）Bringing back unneeded equipment would have used up precious resources such as fuel. But, as the saying goes, one person’s trash is another’s treasure. （21）Researchers can study the garbage left on the moon to see how its materials weathered the radiation and vacuum of space over time.** Moreover, some of the objects on the moon are still being used, including a laser-range reflector left by the Apollo 11 crew.

19.What does the passage say may be unknown to many people?

D) A lot of garbage has been left on the moon.

20.Why has a lot of equipment been left on the moon?

A) It is costly to bring back.

21.What can researchers do with the garbage on the moon?

C) Study the effect of radiation and vacuum on its materials.

##### Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.

In my line of work, I receive a lot of emails. I also send a lot of emails. Though social media and messaging apps have taken over some of the roles from email as a form of communication, **（22）email is likely to retain an important role for business communication in the future.** Surprisingly, though, a lot of companies and organizations lack formal guidelines for emailing. As most of you will soon be entering the workforce, I would like to share with you my own rules for emailing. If someone sends you an email, reply to them acknowledging the email. A simple “thank you” let the sender know that their email has arrived safely, that it has not been lost among what could be 50 other emails that have arrived in your email inbox that day. **(24)It’s not necessary to reply to a mass email sent to numerous recipients.** These emails are often informative rather than personalized correspondence requiring a response or action. **(23)But it’s common politeness to respond to a personal message, preferably within 24 hours of receiving it.** It’s also important to use proper English. Just because emails are a quick form of communication, doesn’t mean emails, especially business emails, should be written using informal shortened forms of words. Think of an email as a letter. Spelling, grammar and punctuation should not be overlooked. **(25)And never use capitals to emphasize a word or words in an email.** It’s the same as yelling.

22.What does the passage say about email?

A) It is likely to **remain a means of business communication**.

23.What should one do upon receiving a personalized email?

B) **Make a timely response.**

24.What does the passage say about a mass email?

C) It **requires no reply.**

25.What should one do when writing a business email?

D) Avoid using **capitals for emphasis.**
