### 2018年6月英语四级听力真题及答案:第1套

[reference](http://www.kekenet.com/cet4/201808/562276.shtml)
[reference1](http://www.kekenet.com/cet4/17358/List_2.shtml)

#### Section A News Report
*Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.*

##### Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.

1、A) The return of a bottled message to its owner's daughter.

B) A New Hampshire man's joke with friends on his wife.

C) A father's message for his daughter.

D) The history of a century-old motel.

2、A) She wanted to show gratitude for his kindness.

B) She wanted to honor her father's promise.

C) She had been asked by her father to do so.

D) She was excited to see her father's handwriting.


##### Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.

3、A) People were concerned about the number of bees.

B) Several cases of Zika disease had been identified.

C) Two million bees were infected with disease.

D) Zika virus had destroyed some bee farms.

4、A) It apologized to its customers.

B) It was forced to kill its bees.

C) It lost a huge stock of bees.

D) It lost 2.5 million dollars.


##### Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.

5、A) It stayed in the air for about two hours.

B) It took off and landed on a football field.

C) It proved to be of high commercial value.

D) It made a series of sharp turns in the sky.

6、A) Engineering problems.

B) The air pollution it produced.

C) Inadequate funding.

D) The opposition from the military.

7、A) It uses the latest aviation technology.

B) It flies faster than a commercial jet.

C) It is a safer means of transportation.

D) It is more environmentally friendly.


#### Section B
*Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.*

##### Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

8、A) It seems a depressing topic.

B) It sounds quite alarming.

C) It has little impact on our daily life.

D) It is getting more serious these days.

9、A) The man doesn't understand Spanish.

B) The woman doesn't really like dancing.

C) They don't want something too noisy.

D) They can't make it to the theatre in time.

10、A) It would be more fun without Mr. Whitehead hosting.

B) It has too many acts to hold the audience's attention.

C) It is the most amusing show he has ever watched.

D) It is a show inappropriate for a night of charity.

11、A) Watch a comedy.

B) Go and see the dance.

C) Book the tickets online.

D) See a film with the man.


##### Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

12、A) Most of her schoolmates are younger than she is.

B) She simply has no idea what school to transfer to.

C) There are too many activities for her to cope with.

D) She worries she won't fit in as a transfer student.

13、A) Seek advice from senior students.

B) Pick up some meaningful hobbies.

C) Participate in after-school activities.

D) Look into what the school offers.

14、A) Give her help whenever she needs it.

B) Accept her as a transfer student.

C) Find her accommodation on campus.

D) Introduce her to her roommates.

15、A) She has interests similar to Mr. Lee's.

B) She has become friends with Catherine.

C) She has chosen the major Catherine has.

D) She has just transferred to the college.


#### Section C
*Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.*

##### Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.

16、A) To investigate how being overweight impacts on health.

B) To find out which physical drive is the most powerful.

C) To discover what most mice like to eat.

D) To determine what feelings mice have.

17、A) When they are hungry.

B) When they are thirsty.

C) When they smell food.

D) When they want company.

18、A) They search for food in groups.

B) They are overweight when food is plenty.

C) They prefer to be with other mice.

D) They enjoy the company of other animals.


##### Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.

19、A) Its construction started before World War I.

B) Its construction cost more than $ 40 billion.

C) It is efficiently used for transport.

D) It is one of the best in the world.

20、A) To improve transportation in the countryside.

B) To move troops quickly from place to place.

C) To enable people to travel at a higher speed.

D) To speed up the transportation of goods.

21、A) In the 1970s.

B) In the 1960s.

C) In the 1950s.

D) In the 1940s.


##### Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.

22、A) Chatting while driving.

B) Messaging while driving.

C) Driving under age.

D) Speeding on highways.

23、A) A gadget to hold a phone on the steering wheel.

B) A gadget to charge the phone in a car.

C) A device to control the speed of a vehicle.

D) A device to ensure people drive with both hands.

24、A) The car keeps flashing its headlights.

B) The car slows down gradually to a halt.

C) They are alerted with a light and a sound.

D) They get a warning on their smart phone.

25、A) Installing a camera.

B) Using a connected app.

C) Checking their emails.

D) Keeping a daily record.


#### 答案解析

##### Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.

**(1)*A message in a bottle* sent out to sea by a New Hampshire man more than five decades ago was found 1,500 miles away and has been *returned to his daughter*.**
The long-lost message was discovered by Clint Buffington of Utah while he was vacationing.
Buffington says he found a soda bottle half buried in the sand that "looked like it had been there since the beginning of time."
The note inside the bottle said," Return to 419 Ocean Street and receive a reward of $ 150 from Richard and Tina Pierce, owners of the Beachcomber Motel."
The motel was owned by the parents of Paula Pierce in 1960.
Her father had written the note as a joke and had thrown it into the Atlantic Ocean.
Buffington flew to New Hampshire to deliver the message to Paula Pierce.
**(2)She held up to her father’s promise, giving Buffington that reward.**
But the biggest reward is the message in a bottle finding its way back home.

Question 1: What is the news report mainly about?

A) The return of **a bottled message** to its owner's **daughter.**

Question 2: Why did Paula Pierce give Clint Buffington the reward?

B) She wanted to **honor her father's promise.**


##### Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.

Millions of bees have died in South Carolina during aerial insect-spraying operations that were carried out to combat the Zika virus.
The insect spraying over the weekend left more than 2 million bees dead on the spot in Dorchester County, South Carolina,
**(3)where four travel-related cases of Zika disease have been confirmed in the area.**
Most of the deaths came from Flowertown Bee Farm, a company in Summerville that sells bees and honey products.
Juanita Stanley who owns the company said the farm "looks like it's been destroyed."
The farm lost about 2.5 million bees.
Dorchester County officials apologized for the accidental mass killing of bees.
Dorchester County is aware that some beekeepers in the area that was sprayed on Sunday lost their bee colonies.
County manager Jason Ward said in a statement, "I'm not pleased that so many bees were killed."

Question 3.Why were spraying operations carried out in Dorchester County?
问题3: 为什么在多尔切斯特县进行喷涂操作？

B) Several cases of **Zika disease had been identified.**

Question 4.What does the news report say about Flowertown Bee Farm?
问题4: 新闻报道对花卉养蜂场有何看法？

C) It **lost** a huge **stock of bees.**


##### Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.

The world's largest aircraft has taken to the skies for the first time.
**(5)The Airlander 10 spent nearly two hours in the air, having taken off from Cardington Airfield in Bedfordshire.**
During its flight, it reached 3,000 feet and performed a series of gentle turns all over a safe area.
The aircraft is massive—as long as a football field and as tall as six double decker buses and capable of flying for up to five days.
**(6)It was first developed for the US government as a long-range spy aircraft, but was abandoned following budget cutbacks.**
**(7)The aircraft cost 25 million pounds and can carry heavier loads than huge jet planes while also *producing less noise and emitting less pollution*.**
The makers believe it's the future of aircraft and one day we'll be using them to go places.
But there's still a long way to go.
The Airlander will need to have 200 hours'flying time before being allowed to fly by the aviation administration.
If it passes though, we can hope we'll all get some extra leg room.

Question 5:What do we learn about the first flight of the Airlander 10?
问题5：关于Airlander 10的第一次飞行我们了解到哪些内容？

A) It stayed in the **air for about two hours.**

Question 6: What cause the US government to abandon the Airlander 10 as a spy aircraft?
问题6：是什么原因让美国政府放弃将“空中登陆者10号”作为间谍飞机？

C) **Inadequate funding.**

Question 7:What is the advantage of the Airlander 10 over huge jet planes?
问题7：与大型喷气式飞机相比，Airlander 10的优势是什么?

D) It is more **environmentally friendly.**


##### Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

M： Do you feel like going out tonight?
W: Yeah, why not? We haven't been out for ages. What's on?
M: Well，there's a film about climate change. Does it sound good to you?
W: Oh, not really. It doesn't really appeal to me. What's it about? Just climate change?
M： I think it's about how climate change affects everyday life. I wonder how they make it entertaining.
W：Well, it sounds really awful. It's an important subject, I agree, **(8)but I'm not in the mood for anything depressing**. What else is on?
M: There's a Spanish Dance Festival.
W： Oh, I love dance. That sounds really interesting.
M: Apparently, it's absolutely brilliant. Let's see what it says in the paper. "Anna Gomez leads in an exciting production of the great Spanish love story, Carmen."
W： OK, then, what time is it on?
M: At 7:30.
男：7:30。
W: Well, that's no good. **(9)We haven't got enough time to get there. Is there anything else?**
M: There's a comedy special on.
W: Where's it on?
M: It's at the City Theatre. It's a charity comedy night with lots of different acts. It looks pretty good. **(10)The critic in the local paper says it's the funniest thing he's ever seen.** It says here "Roger Whitehead is an amazing host to a night of fun performances. "
W: Mm... I'm not keen on him. He's not very funny.
M： Are you sure you fancy going out tonight? You are not very enthusiastic.
W： Perhaps you are right. Okay, let's go see the dance. But tomorrow, not tonight.
M： Great. I'll book the tickets online.

Question 8.What does the woman think of climate change?
问题8：女士对气候变化有何看法？

A) It seems a **depressing topic**.

Question 9. Why do the speakers give up going to the Spanish Dance Festival tonight?
问题9：为什么讲话者今晚放弃参加西班牙舞蹈节?

D) They **can't make it to the theatre in time.**

Question 10. What does the critic say about the comedy performed at the City Theatre?
问题10：评论家如何评价城市剧院上演的那出喜剧的？

C) It is the **most amusing show he has ever watched.**

Question 11. What does the woman decide to do tomorrow?
问题11：女士决定明天做什么？

B) **Go and see the dance.**


##### Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

W: Good morning, Mr. Lee. May I have a minute of your time?
M：Sure, Catherine. What can I do for you?
W：**(12)I'm quiet anxious about transferring over to vour college. I'm afraid I won't fit in.**
M：Don't worry, Catherine. It's completely normal for you to be nervous about transferring schools. This happens to many transfer students.
W；Yes, I know, but I'm younger than most of the students in my year. And that worries me a lot.
M：Well, you may be the only younger one in your year, **(13)but, you know, we have a lot of after-school activities you can join in.** And so, this way, you will be able to meet new friends of different age groups.
W: That's nice. I love games and hobby groups.
M: I'm sure you do. So you'll be just fine. Don't worry so much and try to make the most of what we have on offer here. **(14)Also, remember that you can come to me anytime of the day if you need help.**
W: Thanks so much. I definitely feel better now. As a matter of fact, I've already contacted one of the girls who'd be living in the same house with me, and she seemed really nice. I guess living on campus I'll have a chance to have a closer circle of friends, since we'll be living together.
M：All students are very friendly with new arrivals. Let me check who would be living with you in your flat. Okay, there are Hannah, Kelly, and Bree. Bree is also a new student here, like you. I'm sure you two will have more to share with each other.
男：所有的学生对新来的学生都很友好。让我看看谁会和你一起住在你的公寓里。好了，有汉娜、凯莉和布莉。布莉也是一个新学生,喜欢你。我相信你们俩会有更多的东西可以分享。

Question 12. Why does Catherine feel anxious?
问题12：凯瑟琳为什么感到焦虑？

She **worries** she **won't fit** in as a **transfer student.**

Question 13. What does Mr. Lee encourage Catherine to do?
问题13：李先生鼓励凯瑟琳做什么？

C) Participate in **after-school activities.**

Question 14. What does Mr. Lee promise to do for Catherine?
问题14：李先生答应为凯瑟琳做什么？

A) Give her **help whenever she needs it.**

Question 15. What do we learn about Catherine's schoolmate Bree?
问题15：关于凯瑟琳的同学布莉我们了解到什么?

D) She has **just transferred to the college.**


##### Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.

Have you ever felt like you would do just about anything to satisfy your hunger?
**(16)A new study in mice may help to explain why hunger can feel like such a *powerful* motivating force.
In the study, researchers found that *hunger outweighed other physical drives*;** including fear, thirst and social needs.
To determine which feeling won out, the researchers did a series of experiments.
**(17)In one experiment, the mice were *both hungry and thirsty*.
When given the choice of either eating food or drinking water, the *mice went for the food*, the researchers found.**
However, when the mice were well-fed but thirsty, they opted to drink, according to the study.
It turned out that, when the mice were hungry, they ventured into the unsafe areas for food.
But when the mice were well-fed, they stayed in areas of the cage that were considered "safe."
Hunger also outweighed the mice's social needs, the researchers found.
**(18)Mice are usually social animals and prefer to be in the company of other mice, according to the study.**
When the mice were hungry, they opted to leave the company of other mice to go get food.

Question 16.What is the researchers' purpose in carrying out the series of experiments with mice?
问题16：研究人员在小鼠身上进行这一系列实验的目的是什么？

B) To **find out** which **physical drive** is the **most powerful.**

Question 17. In what circumstances, do mice venture into unsafe areas?
问题17：在什么情况下，小鼠会冒险进入不安全的区域？

A) When they are **hungry.**

Question 18. What is said about mice at the end of the passage?
问题18：关于文章结尾的老鼠是怎么说的？

C) They **prefer** to be with **other mice.**


##### Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.

**(19)The United States has one of the best highway systems in the world.**
Interstate highways connect just about every large and mid-sized city in the country.
Did you ever wonder why such a complete system of excellent roads exists?
For an answer, you would have to go back to the early 1920s.
In those years, just after World War I, the military wanted to build an American highway system for national defense.
**(20)Such a system could, if necessary, move troops quickly from one area to another.**
It could also get people out of cities in danger of being bombed.
So-called roads of national importance were designated, but they were mostly small country roads.
In 1944, Congress passed a bill to upgrade the system, but did not fund the plan right away.
In the 1950s, the plan began to become a reality.
Over $25 billion was appropriated by Congress, and construction began on about 40,000 miles of new roads.
The idea was to connect the new system to existing expressways and freeways.
And though the system was built mostly to make car travel easier* defense was not forgotten.
For instance, highway overpasses had to be high enough to allow trailers carrying military missiles to pass under them.
**(21)By 1974, this system was mostly completed.**
A few additional roads would come later.
Quick and easy travel between all parts of the country was now possible.

Question 19. What does the speaker say about the American highway system?
问题19：关于美国的高速公路系统，讲话者都说了些什么?

D) It is one of the **best in the world.**

Question 20. What was the original purpose of building a highway system?
问题20：修建公路系统的最初目的是什么？

B) To move **troops quickly** from **place to place.**

Question 21. When was the interstate highway system mostly completed?
问题21：州际公路系统于何时基本建成？

A) In the 1970s.

##### Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.

**(22)Texting while driving was listed as a major cause of road deaths among young Americans back in 2013.**
A recent study said that 40% of American teens claim to have been in a car when the driver used a cell phone in a way that put people in danger.
This sounds like a widespread disease，but it's one that technology may now help to cure.
T. J. Evarts, a 20-year-old inventor, has come up with a novel solution that could easily put texting drivers on notice.
**(23)It's called Smart Wheel, and it's designed to fit over the steering wheel of most standard vehicles
to track whether or *not the driver has two hands on the wheel at all times*.**
**(24)Evarts'invention warns the drivers with a light and a sound when they hold the wheel with one hand only,**
but as soon as they place the other hand back on the wheel, the light turns back to green and the sound stops.
It also watches for what's called "close-by hands," where both hands are close together near the top of the wheel,
so the driver can type with both thumbs and drive at the same time.
**(25)All the data Smart Wheel collects is also sent to a connected app.**
So any parents who install Smart Wheel can keep track of the teen's driving habits.
If they try to remove or damage the cover, that's reported as well.

Question 22: What is a major cause of road deaths among young Americans?
问题22：美国年轻人死于交通事故的主要原因是什么?

B) **Messaging** while **driving.**

Question 23: What is Smart Wheel?
问题23：“智能方向盘”是什么？

D) A device to **ensure people drive** with **both hands.**

Question 24: What happens if the driver has one hand on the wheel?
问题24：如果司机将一只手放在车轮上会发生什么？

C) They are **alerted** with a **light and a sound.**

Question 25: How do parents keep track of their teen’s driving habits?
问题25：父母如何知道孩子的驾驶习惯？

B) Using a **connected app.**